Add docs for polling commands (#612)
demisto/content-docs: docs/playbooks/generic-polling.md

When working with certain 3rd party products (detonation, scan, search, etc.) occasionally we'll find ourselves having to wait for a process to finish on the remote host before we can continue. In those cases, the playbook should stop and wait for the process to complete on the 3rd party product, and continue when it's done.

> We can't achieve via integrations or automations* due to hardware limitations. One method for achieving this is using the `GenericPolling` playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are unable to achieve this via integrations or automations due to hardware limitations. One method for achieving this is using the `GenericPolling` playbook.
```

> * Starting in XSOAR version 6.2.0 it's possible to implement polling in integrations and automations via [Scheduled Commands](./../integrations/scheduled-commands).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Starting in XSOAR version 6.2.0 it is possible to implement polling in integrations and automations via [Scheduled Commands](./../integrations/scheduled-commands).  
```
